FILENAME: 0001144204-19-030811_tv521467_ex3-2.htm
GT_CLASS: corporate_record
CHARS: 33254
============================================================
EX-3.2
 7
 tv521467_ex3-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2
 Exhibit 3.2 
 page 1 of 10 
 ORGANIZATIONAL MINUTES 
 OF THE INITIAL BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF 
 INCUMAKER, INC. 
 Pursuant to the applicable provisions of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, the undersigned, being the Incorporator for Incumaker, Inc. (the &quot;Corporation&quot;),
hereby nominates and appoints Thomas Lovelace and Hoyt Lowder (the &quot;Directors&quot;) as the initial directors of the Corporation,
to serve until the next annual meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and the Directors hereby accept their appointment
as initial directors by their signature to these Organizational Minutes.
 Pursuant to the applicable provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the undersigned, being the only members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation,
hereby consent to the following actions being taken and the following resolutions being adopted without a meeting for the purpose
of organizing the Corporation, and hereby direct that this written consent be delivered to the Corporation for inclusion in the
minute book of the Corporation.
 RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY THESE MINUTES: 
 1. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on or about April 13,
 2011, is hereby approved and accepted; and the Secretary of the Corporation is hereby directed to place a copy thereof in the
 minute book of the Corporation. 
 2. The following persons are hereby appointed officers of the Corporation with the title shown: 
 NAME 
 TITLE 
 Cynthia S. White 
 Interim President and CEO 
 Christine Cheney 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 3. The Directors hereby authorize and empower the President of the Corporation to hire and employ such other assistants, agents
and employees, for such duties, at such compensation, and on such terms and conditions as the President may deem necessary or desirable. 
 4. The Directors hereby approve the bylaws attached hereto. 
 5. Unless and until the Directors resolve otherwise, the Corporation's capital stock shall be not be represented by certificates,
but shall be represented by such ownership records that the Secretary shall maintain. 
 6. The issuance of 1,000 shares of common stock to Scientigo, Inc. in consideration for $10 is hereby approved. 
 Exhibit 3.2 
page 2 of 10 
 7. The fiscal year of the Corporation initially shall be the year ending April 30; provided, however, that the Board of Directors
may change the fiscal year after reviewing all of the facts and circumstances at any time and from time to time. 
 8. The President is hereby authorized and directed to open an account in the name and on behalf of the Corporation with any bank,
which shall be a depository for the Corporation's funds. 
 9. The President is hereby authorized and directed to pay all reasonable charges incident to or arising out of the organization
of the Corporation and to reimburse any person or persons who have incurred any expenses or made any disbursements therefor. 
 10. The Directors further authorize and empower the Corporation to pay or reimburse the President of the Corporation and such other
officers and employees as the President may designate for all such ordinary and necessary business expenses upon presentation by
them, from time to time, of itemized accountings of such expenses. 
 11. The Directors further authorize the President to perform any other necessary function as is required to run and maintain the
Corporation, 
 12. In order to comply with legal requirements imposed on the Corporation, as well as on its Director and officer, the officers
of the Corporation are instructed to obtain information and direction from the Internal Revenue Service or from the Corporation's
attorneys on withholding, social security, unemployment taxes and related requirements and to take whatever actions may be necessary
or appropriate to comply therewith. 
 The Directors hereby ratify and approve
of all acts taken in the name of the Corporation by an officer, director or incorporator of the Corporation.
 The Directors of the Corporation hereby
gives their consent to the actions described herein, to be effective as of April 13, 2011, notwithstanding the actual date of signing.
 /s/
 Robert J.Mottorn 
 Robert J.Mottorn, Incorporator 
 /s/ Thomas
 Lovelace 
 Thomas Lovelace, Co-Chairman 
 /s/ Hoyt
 Lowder 
 Hoyt Lowder, Co-Chairman 
 2 
 Exhibit 3.2 
page 3 of 10 
 BY-LAWS 
 OF 
 INCUMAKER, INC. 
 ARTICLE I
 Stockholders' Meetings; Voting 
 Section 1.1 Annual Meeting. The
regular annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of whatever other business may properly
come before the meeting shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, at 10 o'clock, a.m., on the first Wednesday of
February of each year, or at such other date, time and place as the Board of Directors may designate.
 Section 1.2. Special Meetings. Special
meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Board of Directors, or as provided
in Section 2.2, to be held at such date, time and place either within or without the State of Delaware as may be stated in the
notice of the meeting. A special meeting of stockholders shall be called by the Secretary upon the written request, stating the
purpose of the meeting, of stockholders who together own of record at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the outstanding shares
of stock entitled to vote at such meeting.
 Section 1.3. Notice of Meetings. 
Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given
which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which
the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by law, the written notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten nor
more than sixty days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice
shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address
as it appears on the records of the Corporation. The Corporation shall, at the written request of any stockholder, cause such notice
to such stockholder to be confirmed to such other address and/or by such other means as such stockholder may reasonably request,
provided that if such written request is received after the date any such notice is mailed, such request shall be effective for
subsequent notices only.
 Section 1.4. Adjournments. Any
meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice
need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment
is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting.
If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting,
a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
 Section 1.5. Quorum. At each meeting
of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of each class of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by
proxy, shall constitute a quorum. With respect to any matter on which stockholders vote separately as a class, the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of such class shall constitute a quorum for a meeting with respect to such matter. Two or more
classes or series of stock shall be considered a single class for purposes of determining existence of a quorum for any matter
to be acted on if the holders thereof are entitled or required to vote together as a single class at the meeting on such matter.
In the absence of a quorum the stockholders so present may, by majority vote, adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner
provided by Section 1.4 of these By-Laws until a quorum shall attend.
 Exhibit 3.2 
page 4 of 10 
 Section 1.6. Organization. Meetings
of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or in his absence by the President, or in his absence by a
Vice President, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the Board of Directors, or in the
absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his
absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
 Section 1.7. Voting; Proxies. Unless
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall
be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by him which has voting power upon the matter in question. Each stockholder
entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in
 writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted
or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable
if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an
irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or
by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or another duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary of
the Corporation. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot and need not be conducted by inspectors unless
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of any class of stock entitled to vote thereon present in person or by proxy
at such meeting shall so determine. At all meetings of stockholders, all questions shall, unless otherwise provided by law or
by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of all classes of stock entitled to vote thereon present in person or by proxy at the meeting, voting as a single class.
 Section 1.8. Fixing Date for Determination
of Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at
any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting,
or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights
in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors
may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting,
nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. If no record date is
fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be
at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of
business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the record date for determining stockholders entitled
to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board is necessary, shall be
the day on which the first written consent is expressed; and (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose
shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders
of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided,
however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 Section 1.9. List of Stockholders Entitled
to Vote. The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the
number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for
any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either
at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if
not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place
of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
 2 
 Exhibit 3.2 
page 5 of 10 
 Section 1.10. Consent of Stockholders
in Lien of Meeting. To the extent provided by any statute at the time in force, whenever the vote of stockholders at a meeting
thereof is required or permitted to be taken for or in connection with any corporate action, by any statute, by the Certificate
of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the meeting and prior notice thereof and vote of stockholders may be dispensed with if the
holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such
action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted shall consent m writing to such corporate
action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent and notice thereof shall be given to those stockholders who have
not consent in writing.
 ARTICLE II
 Board of Directors 
 Section 2.1. Powers; Number; Qualifications. 
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may
be otherwise provided by law or in the Certificate of Incorporation. The number of Directors which shall constitute the whole Board
of Directors shall not be less than one (1) nor more than nine (9). Within such limits, the number of directors may be fixed from
time to time by vote of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors, at any regular or special meeting, subject to the provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation.
 Section 2.2. Election; Term of Office;
Resignation; Removal; Vacancies; Special Elections. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or in
this Section 2.2, directors shall be elected annually at the annual meeting of the stockholders. Directors shall be elected by
a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election
of directors. Each director (whenever elected) shall hold office for the term specified upon his election and until his successor
is elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. Any director
may resign at any time upon written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Chairman of the Board or to the President of the
Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, and unless otherwise specified therein no acceptance
of such resignation shall be necessary to make it effective. Any director may be removed with or without cause at any time upon
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for the
election of such director, given at a special meeting of such stockholders called for the purpose, except as may otherwise be provided
in the Certificate of Incorporation. If any vacancies shall occur in the Board of Directors, by reason of death, resignation, removal
or otherwise, or if the authorized number of directors shall be increased, the directors then in office shall continue to act,
and such vacancies may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum; provided, however, that
whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series shall be filled
by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office though less than a quorum or by
a sole remaining director so elected. Any such vacancies or newly created directorships may also be filled upon the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors,
given at a special meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose.
 Section 2.3, Regular Meetings. Regular
meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places within or without the State of Delaware and at such times as the
Board may from time to time determine, and if so determined notice thereof need not be given.
 Section 2.4. Special Meetings. 
Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or place within or without the State of Delaware whenever called
by the Chairman of the Board, by the President or by any two directors. Reasonable notice thereof shall be given by the person
or persons calling the meeting.
 3 
 Exhibit 3.2
 page 6 of 10 
 Section 2.5. Telephonic Meetings Permitted. 
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any member of the Board of Directors, or any
committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or of such
committee, as the case may be, by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant
to this by-law shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
 Section 2.6. Quorum; Vote Required
for Action. At all meetings of the Board of Directors the presence of a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of at least a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum
is present shall be necessary to constitute and shall be the act of the Board unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these
By-Laws shall otherwise provide. In case at any meeting of the Board a quorum shall not be present, the members of the Board present
may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall attend.
 Section 2.7. Or ganization. Meetings
of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or in his absence by the President, or in their
absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman
of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
 Section 2.8. Action by Directors Without
a Meeting . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members
of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consents thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the
minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
 ARTICLE III
 Committees 
 Section 3.1. Committees. The Board
of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the total number of directors, designate one or more committees, each committee
to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of
the Board, and unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, shall have and may exercise all
the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, to the full extent permitted
by law.
 Section 3.2. Committee Rules. Unless
the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may adopt, amend and repeal rules for the conduct
of its business. In the absence of a provision by the Board or a provision in the rules of such committee to the contrary, the
entire authorized number of members of such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, the vote of all
such members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee, and in other respects each committee shall conduct its business
pursuant to Article II of these By-Laws.
 4 
 Exhibit 3.2 
page 7 of 10 
 ARTICLE IV
 Officers 
 Section 4. 1 Chairman of the Board. 
The Board of Directors may appoint one of its members to be Chairman of the Board to serve at the pleasure of the Board. The duties
of the Chairman shall be to preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors or the stockholders and to provide a proposed agenda
for all such meetings. The Chairman shall also have and may exercise such further powers and duties as from time to time may be
determined by the Board of Directors.
 Section 4.2 President. The Board
of Directors shall appoint one of its members to be President of the Corporation. In the absence of the Chairman, the President
shall preside at all meetings of the Board or the stockholders. The President shall also have and may exercise such further powers
and duties as from time to time may be determined by the Board of Directors.
 Section 4.3 Chief Executive Officer. 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall have and may exercise all the
powers and duties pertaining, by law, regulation or practice, to the position of Chief Executive Officer and shall have and may
exercise such further powers and duties as from time to time may be determined by the Board of Directors. Unless the Chairman or
another executive officer or group shall have been so designated and empowered by the Board of Directors, the President shall be
the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
 Section 4.4 Vice Presidents. The
Board of Directors may appoint one or more Vice Presidents, with or without designation as Executive Vice President, Senior Vice
President or other title differentiation as it deems appropriate. Each Vice President shall have and may exercise any and all powers
and duties which may be determined by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. One Vice President may be designated
by the Board of Directors, in the absence of the President, to perform all the duties of the President.
 Section 4.5 Secretary. The Board
of Directors shall appoint a Secretary, who shall be Secretary of the Board and of the Corporation, and shall keep accurate records
of all proceedings of the Board and of the stockholders. The Secretary shall attend to the giving of all notices required by these
By-laws to be given, shall be custodian of the corporate seal, and shall have and may exercise any and all other powers and duties
pertaining, by law, regulation or practice, to the office of Secretary. The Secretary shall also have and may exercise such other
powers and duties as may be determined by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.
 Section 4.6 Chief Financial Officer. 
The Board of Directors shall appoint a Chief Financial Officer who shall have charge of all funds and securities of the Corporation.
The Chief Financial Officer shall have and may exercise any and all other powers and duties pertaining, by law, regulation or practice,
to the office of Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer. The Chief Financial Officer shall also have and may exercise such other
powers and duties as may be determined by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.
 Section 4.7 Term of Office; Resignation;
Removal; Vacancies. Except as otherwise provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors electing any officer, each officer
shall hold office until a successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified, or until the expiration of such officer's
term in office if elected or appointed for a specified period of time, or until his or her earlier death, retirement, termination,
resignation or removal. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Board or to the Chief Executive Officer of
the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, and unless otherwise specified therein no acceptance
of such resignation shall be necessary to make it effective. The Board may remove any officer with or without cause at any time,
provided that such action by the Board shall require the vote of a majority of the whole Board. Any such removal shall be without
prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation, but the election of an officer shall not of
itself create contractual rights. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise
shall or may be tilled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board at any regular or special meeting.
 5 
 Exhibit 3.2
 page 8 of 10 
 ARTICLE V
 Stock 
 Section 5.1. Certificates. Every
holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman
of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary
or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the Corporation. If such certificate
is manually signed by one officer or manually countersigned by a transfer agent or by a registrar, any other signature on the certificate
may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed
upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may
be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
 Section 5.2. Lost. Stolen or Destroyed
Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any
certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner
of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify
it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or
the issuance of such new certificate.
 ARTICLE VI
 Miscellaneous 
 Section 6.1. Seal. The Corporation
may have a corporate seal which shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall be in such form as may be approved
from time to time by the Board of Directors. The corporate seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed
or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
 Section 6.2. Waiver of Notice of Meetings
of Stockholders, Directors and Committees. Whenever notice is required to be given by law or under any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or these By-Laws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the
time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice
of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting,
to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted
at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors, or members of a committee of directors need
be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws.
 Section 6.3. Form of Records. Any
records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account and minute
books, may be kept on, or be in the form of, punch cards, magnetic tape, photographs, microphotographs or any other information
storage device, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible form within a reasonable time. The Corporation
shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect the same.
 6 
 Exhibit 3.2
 page 9 of 10 
 Section 6.4. Dividends. Dividends
upon the stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the
Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, bonds, in property, or in
shares of stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation.
 Section 6.5. Reserves. Before the
payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as
the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or
for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purposes as the directors
shall think conducive to the interest of the Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.
 Section 6.6. Checks. All checks or demands
for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board
of Directors may from time to time designate.
 Section 6.7. Fiscal Year. The fiscal
year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.
 Section 6.8. Offices. The registered
office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware. The Corporation may also
have offices at such other places within or outside the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine
or the business of the Corporation may require.
 ARTICLE VII
 Amendments 
 Section 7.1. Amendments. These By-Laws
may be altered, amended or repealed at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors or at any special meeting
of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors if notice of such alteration, amendment or repeal be contained in the notice of
such special meeting.
 ARTICLE VIII
 Indemnification 
 Section 8.1. Indemnification. The
Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person made or threatened to be made a party to any action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person, or a person
of whom he is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or any predecessor
of the Corporation, or serves or served any other enterprise as a director, officer, employee or agent at the request of the Corporation
or any predecessor of the Corporation.
 The Corporation shall pay any expenses
reasonably incurred by a director or officer in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding in advance of the final
disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay
such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation under this Article
or otherwise. The Corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors, provide for the payment of such expenses incurred by employees
and agents of the Corporation as it deems appropriate.
 7 
 Exhibit 3.2 
page 10 of 10 
 The rights conferred on any person under
this Article shall not he deemed exclusive of any other rights that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute,
provision of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors
or otherwise. All rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses under this Article shall be deemed to be provided
by a contract between the Corporation and the director, officer, employee or agent who serves in such capacity at any time while
these By-Laws and any other relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and any other applicable law, if any, are
in effect. Any repeal or modification thereof shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing.
 For purposes of this Article, references
to &quot;the Corporation&quot; shall be deemed to include any subsidiary of the Corporation now or hereafter organized under the
laws of the State of Delaware.
 8